Docs: Update links to HTTPS (#68888)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/eslint-plugin/README.md

}
```

> Refer to the [ESLint documentation on Shareable Configs](https://eslint.org/docs/developer-guide/shareable-configs) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [ESLint documentation on Shareable Configs](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/extend/shareable-configs) for more information.
```
